me what kind of fools stuff is that
you're the guy playing the Mets I am I
know I'm over here you're over there
know your place well as you keep talking
to me when the match starts no he's
commentating his own man he's commenting
his own match for a new bunch shaker
this guy is gonna get body I think it's
the the Arturo influence that's all it
is it is you watch too much next level
when he's like yo alright yo Civil War
was it two years ago it was Civil War
yes the original injustice turn did you
win that match the truth Ross I got to
pay tribute to you I got to be accurate
with it and it will be ok let me see my
jump on works might jump two words you
know the most important thing of course
ok hysteria let's take it over on the
dive bomb works we're good you're ready
let's do it ok over our own dive bombs
i'll say 30 right I'm gonna start the
game with Superman punch I lied Oh
number one damn I got opened up he's
gonna put me in the shackles y'all no
he's not what's defeated the whole trait
are you serious that's your free how
think I asked you oh this trade is gonna
fuck me over excuse me yep indeed he
messed up it's ok if I get a touch in
this corner though oh I got body hold on
oh my god wake up scoop was in the air
and now we have random 16-bit and cowboy
Gangnam style's in the back row tonight
come his junk beat my jump Superman's
jump one is so obnoxious that is
unacceptable and I don't know what side
that hit on guys wake up scoop again cuz
I can that is what I do jump 3 this is
scaled it's gonna do less damage you see
this interactable he saw it he backed
asked it and there's the boulder and I
jumped I don't know why oh my God where
did I think that was gonna hit he's got
that trade out I'm gonna get shot or
something that's gonna suck
block that I'm and dash folder of the
trade I'm done okay we gotta restock the
map right you know I was going to say
something stream but it was just too sad
so I just kept my mouth closed as you
should cuz I buddy asked you oh god this
is Audrey Oh God he pressed the button
and he did trying to get it right did I
put that up trust me some fancy hey it's
heaven file Sinestro with the helmet yep
that was a mistake and I paid dearly for
it okay he blocked low versus adesso I
got opened up I actually wasn't but oh
you weren't blocking it out of course oh
nice down too I got a crash that's more
a blow-up of dice cream
this is hilarious it is hilarious sorry
because Gus he's gonna wake up a track
Nick nope he's not gonna wake up a
racket he's good keep blowing up got a
light bar he flipped out of the corner I
hate when that stuff happens Oh God oh I
didn't have a meter are you serious this
sucks oh man oh he's got a straight up
and I'm in the shackles guys okay are
you I don't know what I'm gonna do here
are you saying you would have won if you
hang out I didn't ask you to Tata prime
I didn't say anything I said this
situation is not good for me and he
class because that was going to hurt let
me take this damage cuz it's the only
damn it I'm gonna give and he's good
he's good that's okay wake up fear blast
that was unexpected oh god don't have
the meter died following tech rolled it
shit oh oh boy in a rage of your race
pause and trim it if I'm gonna who's
jealous rage this works for the forum
pausing the game why you from almost
almost I know I just almost won but I
just pause the game I just gave it to
him instead of dive bombs just his dash
up throwing he wasn't ready I know but I
didn't because I panicked as you saw
from the pause but I'm not a scumbag so
I let him take it I mean he gets it any
we could have taken it anyway but I gave
it to him no like the rule is there is
no dispute like he gets it he did he can
choose not to okay
Oh God wonder his doubts who reaches
that far Oh punish me oh my god the
ultimate irony hysteria LP 9 is that was
supposed to be an instant demigoddess
but I Bluto i botched it the artist
formerly known as hysteria is pretty
disrespect the wreck last seen on a
woman on the screen oh god he should
feel disrespected if I'm going out like
this oh nice that reaches let me hit you
is that how I didn't reach okay that
trait is so irritating guys so hard to
get in if it will just go away I'll be
passed yeah just go away just go away
dms is essentially blocked 20 fear glass
in a rope it's really hard to get in oh
good alright i'm in but not really cuz i
got hit that sucks i'm gonna have to
clash by damn you looked ice cream I
just want to make a steak what is
happening in the shackles go thru the
vortex no I'm gonna block that ok oh god
you gotta hit and if all of you guys can
see how many buttons item s is massive
and he's gonna charge the whole tray
oh look at that tech oh my god dms is
pulling it out for the secretly gone
like the bill no not really I'm ability
then just oh it's working he doesn't
care oh good match no so fair I got
bodies what it's okay